and also after so many years
keeping you at a level really costs
because not only in the end do you have to have
the physical motivation that accompanies you
always the states so that each
Once you go up and down it's hard but good
I believe that it is in the end what it is
I am enjoying myself as at your level and in
the progression that you have and every year
of trying to find or raise the level or
vary and do other activities that you
like it and not help you motivate yourself
climbing on rock since 14 and I have
39 almost 40 good I get 25 years up
that more or less the body holds up
what motivation endure good from
moments like I do not see
not see a moment to stop no
physically what it costs to stay like this
like years ago and then strong too
lost thank you very much and you much more
force then but good little by little
you can also notice that technically
they say that the experience is worth a lot
I do not know what but I because the experience
it was not shit or the end was
certain luck is strong but good yes
that there are things that I have sometimes more
vision with the climbers equal because
you have so many climbing that they have as
many movements in the head
then sometimes you have a little
more open field to try things but
yes it is clear that physically and the
recovery and provocative costs more in
stay strong it 's clear that
climbers now as adam ripples like
the best climber is very strong that
they have made ascension is very fast days
in view that they are incredible really that
it's like they really send you to perform
that other level not that you already know that in
actually that level you're never going to get
because it's an exaggerated level that is
as a new generation not those that
always that is important also if the
family is a little bit with you are in
another too much
the truth that I always had luck in
young man that I started here so young that
start already dedicate almost alone to
climbing is very difficult and is today
with 13 with 12 already with 14 and they are already
channels from the 14 houses and by
that's good I do not consider it to be the
thing
shameless to oscar adam or I think that the
life in general if you have some
goals goals projects as you want
always call as it helps you to be
motivated always in life not a little
because I think it's the one who seeks what
better a job has a goal of
look for a job that suits him the
who is looking for the one who is going to run like
has a goal are the numbers to make
there are always no people who live is the
objective also in theory say that the
better almost sometimes I lived without goals
but I let everyone live as they
like if you like numbers and
objectives then you try and if not then
you do not live at the time of day every time I
I have goals but I live to the minute
then but also improvising a lot not
although I have the goals that everything
goats that want their order not then no
I in theory maybe and I'm a little
appearance like chaos that sometimes
when I try it feet I also prego a
another dizziness many and that for another but
at the end I also have my
small order in my small society not
it's a bit like everyone has their
methods sometimes try many things and
then when I see more things
affordable puts the center more in what
I can really do and sometimes other
more things keep trying because really
I do not see it as possible then it is
sometimes it costs me centrally by
imply all the energy in that then
he gave up his mind and gave me something else
more affordable what I do have because
I have seen the last years is that I have
a bit like
as the vice of always trying as
chain or do activity and
try to get it also to the
implants harm objective if I do not get
none is like that either does not
motivates but eight in particular so it is not
that is a piece of cake but that you no longer
motivates the woman so clearly is a bit
well try to find more lives
hard and can clear but good has to
take it out on you have to belittle any
side actually and how much we let go
Breathe trends counted
three miles to point also as
3,320 just on the other day I had yes
they are many because in fact they are many
scandals and bad but not either
it's not so much what when you try a
It takes a lot of time the truth is that it is
something that the approve then with less
energy researching better after
a long time almost normally took the
Worse , I already want to change the airs not
put new energy and in the end that's why
the fact that you say it before traveling
It's very important, so I think in areas
new truth the silver progresses a lot and
he has never been able to do it already because I
I think I'm overwhelmed by one thing and another and there
she had been surrounded by a connection which
now that it does not provide much
he can not do it either and usually
We try other ways but not so much and
some have not been able to do but so
general the way I've tried the life
what is really serious in my life
I've done all the ones I've done
put a little bit of energy like you
I say before more than 20 attempts like this all
normally all the pathways it causes
so what can I do whenever I
like to be realistic and I make a list and
really ends the year in eight nor the
half of the half then like I do not
it seems realistic, not like I do not
like then it really is like
we call
we tell ourselves the consolations
when you have hard skin if you can not
I like to throw the consolations
that are easier but that really
they are closer to making the accounts of
grain that I do not want to be
in a way if maybe I spend five
months six months seven months in one
via is not like I think there are many
times in the world to lose the
time in one way is not right
try a little but not to put all
all the energy one way are not the
of some years also not being able
get everything I have because that
neither if not for example as in the
2005 2004 and 2003 is the season that was
the season that we were opening in
santa linya oliana was discovered in
variation to the new ones and there was a lot
fanaticism of openings and just years to the
less the truth is that I did enough
videos of banks but good as you
I say more than anything to know by how
it was the fanaticism of starting to open and
exploit new areas and also not
always when from time to time they pass
years if a new area of ​​things appears
this year there has been quite a movement
in the Basque country the moment also
when I went to live in Lleida
a season of much just fanaticism
we build a climbing wall just
to start training
good every moment has its history
and it will continue to be true that it was a very
good with a fanaticism that
we started to try the hard skin that
there was just at that time in siurana
still margalef were practically the
beginnings of margalef good every moment
has its history was fine also the
basin era was very good and good
nowadays also the times of now
to travel and climb in many places
they are also good every moment has its
thing because sometimes the sea pressure it
says there are schools and there are universities and
universities considered that they are
citizen margalet montserrat areas that
they have more than 1000 days and they have
all degrees good that that has
a lot of activity and then there are those
small qualitas that are very fashionable
even in Spain they really are
sites that do not have a bike on tracks
better have hard ways that are very
good but not clear you can not compare
with a good university like it is
citizen or if it's really like that though
I would not know because if he wins me
I love the style, I'm not very
all right
yoquese process and everyone is in
knees I like quite and the style
it gives me better also in more than
big companies are good ones
things are the means that would cost a lot
choose to carry as always
I would still choose Catalonia Andalusia
asturias I would still stay I think
here in Spain I would not go out I do not think
they were if I had to choose something